feat: add url_encode and url_decode std lib functions (#4287)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/stdlib/encoding.md

Reviewer: It'd be good to also include a comment in the `prometheus.exporter.postgres` docs that users could use this function. Maybe you can incorporate it in an existing example, or add a new example. Some users may not even know that we have these std functions.

c3RyaW5nMTIzIT8kKiYoKSctPUB-
```

## encoding.url_encode

The `encoding.url_encode` function encodes the original string into a RFC3986 "percent encoding" compliant string.

### Example

```
> encoding.url_encode("string123!?$*&()'-=@~")
string123%21%3F%24%2A%26%28%29%27-%3D%40~
```

## encoding.url_decode

> The `encoding.url_decode` function decodes a RFC3986 "percent encoding" compliant string.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `encoding.url_decode` function decodes a RFC3986 percent encoding compliant string.
```

> `encoding.url_decode` failes if input string is not RFC3986 "percent encoding" compliant.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`encoding.url_decode` fails if the input string is not RFC3986 percent encoding compliant.
```
